1 : As you begin your journey,you notice that the forest seems endless, with trees as far as the eye can see. 
The map is your only guide, and you soon realize that it is not very detailed. You must rely on your instincts and knowledge 
of survival to make it out of the forest.You decide to follow a small trail you see in the distance, hoping it will lead you somewhere. 
As you walk along the trail, you hear a strange noise coming from the bushes. You pause for a moment and listen. It sounds like something is 
moving around in there."

1.choice
Choice A: Take the trail to the east?
Choice B: Take the trail to the west?

1.A : You decide to ignore the rabbit and make your way, step by step a sense of dread fills you mind as the forest grows to a deafining silence. As you realise the rabbit must have been running from something it turns the corner, an ORC!.

1.A.chouce

A. Do you run?
B. Do you hide?

1.A.A : You had heard the stories about orcs, but never thought you'd come face to face with one. As you ran through the forest, 
your heart pounds in your chest, you can hear the orc's heavy footsteps behind you. Glancing over your shoulder you see the massive creature 
gaining on you, its sharp teeth bared in a snarl.


2.B : You decide to continue on the trail, ignoring the noise. The trail soon leads you to a clearing, 
and you see a cabin in the distance. It looks old and abandoned. You wonder if anyone has ever lived there. 
You approach the cabin and notice that the door is slightly open. Do you:


2.B.Choice

A. Enter the cabin?
B. Ignore the cabin and continue on the trail?


3.A : You enter the cabin and notice that there are a few items inside. There is a rusty old chest in the corner, a bookshelf with a few books, and a fireplace with some firewood. 
You explore the room for a bit and find a diary on the bookshelf. It looks like it belonged to the previous owner of the cabin. You open it up and start reading.
The diary tells the story of a person who got lost in the forest just like you did. They built the cabin to survive and eventually found a way out. You feel relieved knowing that 
there is a way out of the forest. You decide to take the diary with you and continue on your journey.

3.A.Choice

A. Do you follow the adventurer's Path?
B. Do you go your own path?



